The Notebook Licence 0.5

You may copy and distribute only verbatim copies of this license document.

This license establishes the terms under which a given free Notebook Collection
may be copied, modified, or distributed. A notebook here consists of interleaved
chunks of program text (source) and explaining prose. Uses include textbooks and
documented software artifacts. Unlike with other forms of software, here a
"binary" form of notebooks is not considered, as the presence of the source
and the prose is essential.

The intent of this license is that the Copyright Holder, i.e. the author,
maintains artistic control over the development and distribution of the Notebook
Collection while still keeping the Notebook Collection open-sourced. You may
make arrangements outside of this license directly with the Copyright Holder if
this license does not suit your proposed use.

(1) You are permitted to use the unmodified version, i.e. as obtained from this
repository, and you may create and use a modified version for any purpose.

(2) The unmodified version or a modified version may only be distributed to a
closed group, like a course or a project team. Neither the unmodified nor a
modified version may be distributed openly by any means, be it on its own or as
part of a larger package. You may distribute openly by any means references to
this repository, from which the unmodified version may be obtained.

(3) A closed distribution of a modified version must contain a verbatim copy of
this license, must preserve mentions of the original Copyright Holder, and must
document how it differs from the unmodified version.

THE NOTEBOOK COLLECTION IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS
IS' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES. THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE
DISCLAIMED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY YOUR LOCAL LAW. UNLESS REQUIRED BY LAW, NO
COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTOR WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE
PACKAGE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
